MD-10
==============

Thanks to Skyop (Ryan Miller) the original DC-10-30ER developer, Jabberwocky (Peter Brendt), Joshua Davidson (it0uchpods/411), J-Maverick16, Israel Hernandez (IAHM-COL), Cain, Hooray, Philosopher, 5H1N0B1, Syd Adams, and others for their significant contributions!

David Waggoner (DrDavid/SkyBoat), Joshua Davidson (it0uchpods/411) are collaborating on the project.

Although the great age of Tri-Jet passenger airliners appears to have passed for now (although FEDEX and UPS, among others, are still flying DC-10s converted to MD-10s in regular cargo service and the U.S. Air Force has recently upgraded its KC-10A to the KC-10 Extender, which is projected to see service through 2036, according to Wikipedia) there are a dedicated group of Tri-Jet enthusiasts in the flight simulation community that want to see these aircraft remain a regular participant in the skies of FlightGear.  From that love of this airplane, the MD-10 conversion project was born initially by Skyboat, but he was soon joined by others who share the same passion for the plane, first by JWocky, then most recently and significantly by it0uchpods, a talented young aircraft developer who is now working in collaboration with SkyBoat.  Another recent contributer is J-Maverick16 who is helping with the interior of the flightdeck.

From Wikipedia:

	"The MD-10 is retrofit cockpit upgrade to the DC-10 and a re-designation to MD-10. The upgrade included an Advanced Common Flightdeck (ACF) used on the MD-11 and was launched in 1996. The new cockpit eliminated the need for the flight engineer position and allowed common type rating with the MD-11. This allows companies such as FedEx Express, which operate both the MD-10 and MD-11, to have a common pilot pool for both aircraft. The MD-10 conversion now falls under the Boeing Converted Freighter program where Boeing's international affiliate companies perform the conversions."

Therefore, we are creating an MD-10-like retrofit for the DC-10, however, it is more like a DC-10VIP, or a further developed version of the DC-10-30ER. The VIP version of the aircraft is designated the MD-10ERX, for "Extended Range Experimental." Also included is a MD-10P and MD-10F, with an MD-11 style flightdeck, and a KC-10. It has similarities, but is not the same cockpit as the MD-10.  In addition to the custom flight deck upgrades, the MD-10ERX has been given the [Revise: MD-11's General Electric CF6-80C2 engines that produce 61,500 lbf (274 kN) thrust.]  As such, with theoretical improvements to the aircraft's airframe to match the increased forces generated by the greater power of the engines allow the plane to fly both faster and higher.  The aircraft has also been given larger fuel tanks (300,000 pounds total) increasing its range to approximately 8000 nautical miles.  As such, it would likely in modern terms be classiifed as having an ETOPS in the range of no less than 180 and probably more likely 270.

Thanks to Phil Efstahiou for the great "Orbis Flying Eye Hospital" and the "Retirement Equatorial Tour" livery!

Thanks to Israel Hernandez (IAHM-COL) for the wonderful DC-10 35th Anniversary "Roll-Out" livery, the United Airlines livery and the new June 2016 "Orbis Flying Eye Hospital Livery"!

Contributions and pull requests are welcome.

GPU License:  See LICENSE file
